[link](../../index.md) / [com.tink.rest.models](../index.md) / [Transaction](index.md) / [payload](./payload.md)

# payload

`var payload: `[`Map`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-map/index.html)`<`[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`>?`

Arbitrary metadata in key value format with strings, provided by the financial institution in question. It can be used either for deep-linking back to the financial institution&#39;s app, for displaying additional information about the transaction, or for backend purposes such as automatic categorization improvement. It can also include metadata generated by Tink, for example transfer transactions that are automatically flagged as transfers based on the identification of the corresponding transaction on the other account and which includes the primary identifier of the peer transaction for easy access. Max total size of payload data is 10M chars.

### Property

`payload` - Arbitrary metadata in key value format with strings, provided by the financial institution in question. It can be used either for deep-linking back to the financial institution&#39;s app, for displaying additional information about the transaction, or for backend purposes such as automatic categorization improvement. It can also include metadata generated by Tink, for example transfer transactions that are automatically flagged as transfers based on the identification of the corresponding transaction on the other account and which includes the primary identifier of the peer transaction for easy access. Max total size of payload data is 10M chars.